hey guys so this is a quick tear down of
a homepage that we launched recently and
I'm going to share some ideas that you
can steal when it comes to your own in
terms of design and
messaging so this is in the finance
space it was a new brand called money
Nest around mortgages and some other
finance-based products straight away
when they came to us you probably know
already most sites most companies in the
corporate finance space they're very
corporate very professional
but we discussed with this client and
they said they wanted to stand out so
that's one thing straight away if
there's a way that you can stand out
from the market and differentiate
yourself so in this case rather than
going for that standard corporate
looking F we discussed and came up with
a superhero fill so we designed Custom
Graphics illustrations for superheroes
to stret away if you're landing on this
mortgage site thing this looks a bit
different I'm a bit curious to learn
more so we put those together with a
homepage headline mortgage wo let our
team of super Brokers save the day so
we're picking on a pain Point I've been
there a couple times you might have two
finding a mortgage provider is not fun
it's quite frustrating it takes time
there's a lot of back and forth deciding
on the right ones getting the right
rates and all that kind of stuff so it's
picking up on that pain Point what can
you take from this or is there a is
there a juicy pain point that TS to
tends to be the most frustrating around
your offer that you can lay into can you
talk about it and then can you talk
about how you resolve it and then subtly
under the headline we've got no impact
on credit scores so it reduces risk
showing that you can kind of it's going
to be something that's going to be safe
for you we've got two main call to
actions so get started which will go for
in a sec or you can ask a question so
giving people two options to either
speak to sales or raise a question to
the company um and
another subtle line here three quick and
easy steps to get your mortgage approved
so again it's saying it's really easy to
go through this calculator all that I'll
share with you in a minute how it works
so sharing a one two three on how the
actual process goes another call to
action to the calculator an option if
you're not ready to speak to S just
submit an email
question getting a mortgage of bad
credit So it's talking about the pain
Point again and how they address it and
also some frequently asked questions
again this is stuff that you could take
from sales calls customer success calls
from your prospects and again overcome
those anxieties overcome those
objections really great way to kind of
make prospects trust you more save your
sales team some time and drive a few
more conversions because you've already
answered those things people want to
know to be ready to have a sales chat
and then we've got another piece of
social proof just here in the corner
we've helped 45 mortgage customers with
ccj this week the only thing I think
this homepage is missing is some perhaps
nice logos of companies or clients
helped as a strip or a banner and also
maybe some client review kind of images
with their photo breakdown of the
testimony all that good stuff but the
only reason this site doesn't have it on
the homepages because they were quite a
new brand a spin-off of another company
and the last part of this is we've got a
sticky menu so the menu stays top so you
can easily navigate the site even when
you scroll and kick the main cool to
action and then the cool to action is a
tool so if we use the tool you can steal
some ideas from this if you want to
drive sales inquiries perhaps you're a
B2B service or Tech business you can get
people to answer a few questions in a
nice simple
flow
go through the
FL and then it's a great way to filter
out perhaps prospects that maybe don't
are are not a good fit so maybe you get
them to ask questions around pricing
maybe tools that they currently use and
similar so you can either filter through
good fit prospects or say perhaps you're
not ready to speak to us if they don't
hit the right criteria and then capture
their information and of course send
that through to sales the alternative is
to use a calendar tool like Le or chili
Piper and book those sales cools
straight away so there we have it a
quick breakdown hopefully that's given
you some inspiration for messaging
design ideas and if you've got any
questions sticking
below